For the #0 level the username and the password was provided by the site.\
For the #1 level i entered the ls command, it showed a readme file, then i entered the cat readme command and i obtained the passcode.\
For the #2 level, i entered ls command and i saw a file named "-", to see it's content i entered the command cat./- \
For the #3 level i saw with the ls command that it showed: spaces in this filename. To overpass this problem and to execute the cat command, i entered: $ cat "spaces in this filename" for it to be able to print the content of the file.\
For the #4 level i entered ls and it showed inhere, i run the cd inhere command and entered the file. When i entered ls it showed nothing. So, I though that I should have hidden files. I run the ls -a command and show a file named .hidden. Then, i run $ cat .hidden command and show the password.\
For the #5 level i run the script: for x in {0..9}; do file ./-file0$x; done, which shows that all the files except -file07 are not readables, and the -file07 is an ASCII text,so i run the cat <-file 07 command and got the password.\
For the #6 level password run the: find -type f -size 1033c command in: inhere file, since the site refereces that the file is 1033 bytes, and i got: ./maybehere07/.file2. So i run: cat ./maybehere07/.file2 and got the password.\
For the next leel i run the command: find / -type f -user bandit7 -group bandit6 -size 33c, using the site's instructions, and got Permission denied messages  except on line that said the file in which the password was, with it's file path. So with cat commana I got the password.\
For the level 8 password the site stated that the password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt next to the word millionth. The file was very large to read. So, with the command: grep "millionth" data.txt, I got the password.\
For the following level I entered the command sort data.txt | uniq -u and got the password, since it occurs only once in the text as the site says. The command sort data.txt writes sorted concatenation of data.txt file to standard output and the uniq -u command prints unique lines.\
To find the password for the next level, I run the command: sort data.txt | base64 data.txt | strings data.txt, and as a result I got a lot of lines, but a specific one was a code preceded by several "=" characters, as the site mentioned, so this was the one.\